## Overview

This new intent type is designed to offer better prices for swaps by adding a competition stage
where solvers can compete for offering the best price for tokens being swapped.

### Intent Creation

To create an intent, one should call `ft_transfer_call` on a `asset_in` token contract.
The `receiver_id` should be the contract of this intent.
`msg` field should contain `Action` encoded in JSON:

```json
{
    "create": {
        "id": "1",
        "asset_out": {
            "ft": {
                "token": "usdt.tether-token.near",
                "amount": "500"
            }
        },
        "deadline": { "timestamp": 1720613080 }
    },
}
```


### Intent competition

To place an offer a solver should call `ft_transfer_call` on a `asset_out` token contract with
recipient of this intent contract and a following `msg` encoded in JSON:

```json
{ "offer": { "id": "1" } }
```

The main problem is in the basic scenatio solvers are most likely to postpone sending their offers
closer to the deadline of the intent. This would happen due to lack of incentive to lock their funds
without having a guarantee that their offer will be executed. Instead, when a solver sends his offer,
by doing so he announces the price he is willing to pay to other solvers, who can now calculate an
exact number of tokens needed, so that a new offer that would outperform this one. Of course, the
first solver would receive his funds back as soon as his offer was outperformed, but it also means
that this solver did not gain any profit from his action and moreover, he just spent some gas on it.
That means that all solvers would mostly like to postpone sending their offers until the last block
before the deadline.

Let's consider a following situation:

> A user wants to trade `NEAR` for `USDT`. He creates an intent offering `100 NEAR` and asking for
> minimum `500 USDT` in return with a deadline of 30 seconds.  
> Let's suppose that current market price is `1 NEAR ~= 5.1 USDT`.

Due to reasons exaplained above, all solvers would wait and start sending their offers only after 27
seconds pass. Let's say we have only two solvers competing with each other. Both of them would send
their offers on-chain, and the winner would be the one with the best offer. Since, these offers were
published on-chain close to the `deadline`, this leaves almost no time for the "loser" solver to
re-announce a better offer that would outperform the winner's one. So, in this scenario, solvers can
only predict what offers other solvers would send. It may disincentivises solvers to place any
offers since there is no guarantee that they would win.

### Intent Settlement

In this approach, one additional transaction is required to settle the intent based on the best price
offered.

```json
{ "settle": { "id": "1" } }
```

While this transaction can be permission-less, it still complicates UX for either user
or a solver and increases the amount of blocks needed for the whole lifetime of the intent.
